Add alt text to images and fix minor typos (#523)
Virtual-Coffee/VC-Community-Docs: docs/coffees/README.md

Once we have volunteered for a slot it will look something like this in slack:

> ![Slack volunteer poll for notetaker and room leader roles](../_assets/images/example-volunteer-poll.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A Slackbot volunteer poll for notetakers and room leaders to indicate their availability to volunteer during the week. Reminder: @channel Hey friends, who's available this week and is up for leading or taking notes? Both days posted below. Click :mem: for notetaker, a :speech_balloon: for room leader--feel free to click both--or an :x: if you aren't available or up for it. ](../_assets/images/example-volunteer-poll.png)
```
